Come on, I'll go to hell
Big brother came in and surrounded the car
You old thing
You wait for me.
Go big brother
Crazy now you walk slowly
Hand in all brothers
Copy the guy and go straight to Qiangsheng Group
If you don't tell Lin Zheng about the unified collection sieve today
I swear not to be human
Ok big brother go
Boss Hu, come with us
I want to understand the grudge
Get out of the way
Wu Chengxiong, you have been entrenched in Southern Province for many years
Reverse time
How many innocent people have died under your knife?
How many families have been torn apart?
Blood on my hands and still unrepentant
Now you have no chance
Believe it or not, I accuse you of false accusation
Don't forget about greed.
Put it on Lao Tzu's head
Yes, Long San rice can be eaten indiscriminately
Don't talk nonsense
Even if Jinwei wants to arrest people, he must tell the truth
I have proof